
# Sales Tax App (TDD)

This exercise was inspired by the Core Development Practice in the [Montreal Innovation Centre @ TEK)] 

It is strongly encouraged to read the `preamble.md`, a short letter from one of the Practice Managers from the TEKpractice @ Montreal.

This exercise will be honing your skills in TDD.  For this exercise, you should focus on developing this application using TDD.  Also, don't forget to put into practice your knowledge of the principles (pillars) of Object Oriented Programming in setting up your class hierarchy.

Not only will you be evaluated on your code and the correctness of the solution, but also on **how you reach the solution**.  Therefore, it is recommended that you use the Problem Solving Framework to complete this project.  You can document your problem solving steps in the <code>UPER.md</code> file. 

*********************
# App Overview

Create an application that calculates Sales Taxes.  Basic sales tax is applicable at a rate of 10% on all goods, except books, food, and medical products that are exempt. Import duty is an additional sales tax applicable on all imported goods at a rate of 5%, with no exemptions. 

When a customer purchases items, they should receive a receipt which lists the name of all the items and their price (including tax), finishing with the total cost of the items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid. The rounding rules for sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains (np/100 rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.

## Core Requirements
- Functional Sales Tax Application based on the above description
- Project Management using Maven
- Test Driven Development (TDD) with JUnit5
- Push code to GitHub reflecting your TDD approach (test code => GitHub, source code => GitHub, test-code => Github, etc.)
- Avoid pushing unneccesary code and files to GitHub. (byte code, IDE specific config files, bin/target directory, jars, wars, .class files, etc.)
- Use SLF4J + any compatible Logger Implementation Binding (simple-logger, l4j2, etc.) to log every receipt generated by the app to a log file.  
___
## Set 1
#### Inputs: 
- 1 book at 12.49
- 1 CD at 14.99 
- 1 chocolate bar at 0.85 

#### Outputs:
- Receipt : 
    - 1 book: 12.49 
    - 1 CD: 16.49 
    - 1 chocolate bar: 0.85 
    - Sales Taxes: 1.50 
    - Total: 29.83
___
## Set 2
#### Inputs: 
- 1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00 
- 1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50 

#### Outputs: 
- Receipt : 
    - 1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50 
    - 1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65 
    - Sales Taxes: 7.65 
    - Total: 65.15

___
## Set 3
#### Inputs: 
- 1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99 
- 1 bottle of perfume at 18.99 
- 1 packet of headache pills at 9.75 
- 1 box of imported chocolates at 11.25  

#### Outputs: 
- Receipt
    - 1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19 
    - 1 bottle of perfume: 20.89 
    - 1 packet of headache pills: 9.75 
    - 1 imported box of chocolates: 11.85 
    - Sales Tax: 6.70 
    - Total: 74.68

---
## Git Instructions
- [ ] Create a template copy of this repository by clicking : "Use this template"
- [ ] Name the repository the same name as the master template repository.  
- [ ] Add your TM as collaborator
- [ ] Clone YOUR repo to your local computer
- [ ] Create a new branch: <code>git checkout -b `<firstName-lastName>`</code>.
- [ ] Implement the project on your newly created `<firstName-lastName>` branch, committing changes regularly.
- [ ] Push all of your commits: <code>git push origin `<firstName-lastName>`</code>.
- [ ] When ready for your TM to review, open a Pull Request (PR) and add your TM as a collaborator.
## ********************************************************